The mission of our church is to change our world by developing Christ followers who love God and who love people.
And that we know, according to Matthew 28, Mark 16, Acts chapter 1, we have been called to go into Jerusalem and Judea, Samaria, to the uttermost parts of the earth.
We have been called to go out and to share the gospel of Jesus Christ with others.
We have been called to go into perverbally knock on the doors of people in our communities.
to let them know who Christ is.
And that is what we are doing.
We are simply fulfilling what Christ called the church to do.
And that is a passion, that's a heart that has always been in our church.
In fact, this week I had a conversation with a young lady in our church.
She's not quite that young anymore, but she's youngish in our church today.
And she told me, she said, you know, I remember when I was a little girl,
And I remember I lived over on a certain street in the town, and there was this guy who came and knocked on the door of our house, and he invited our family to come to church, and then he would come back again.
In fact, my mom eventually said that guy's coming back again, and they would send a bus by to pick up the kids, and here's the deal.
That family was impacted, and that young lady was impacted with the gospel, and she's sitting in this church today.
You have no idea the impact that you can have when you simply are willing to offer and to extend an invitation.
And that is exactly what we're going to be talking about today and over the coming weeks.
The invitations that God has called us to give.
And we're going to do that by looking in the scriptures and talking about the invitations that were extended by Christ himself.
Now today we're going to be in John chapter 1.
It's an important passage.
It's a passage obviously in the first part of it.
It talks about in the beginning was the word and we know that was talking about Christ is the the Apostle John the the blood disciples writing speaking of Jesus and then a few verses later he begins talking about the one who came to to proclaim the message of Jesus who would come and talking about John the Baptist.
Then we then read in that passage how John the Baptist was there was approached by many of the religious leaders of the time and they're asking the question are you the one or you the Messiah and he made the statement.
No, it's not me.
I'm here to tell people about that one, but he's going to come and I'm not worthy to even put the straps on his on his sandals.
I'm not even worthy to be in his presence.
And then we walk into the passage in verse 35, we're going to be today.
And we're going to look at seven different invitations.
I guess I should do seven different invitations that are found within the last part of this chapter.
Seven invitations were offered and extended by different individuals, one being Christ, the others that were involved as well.
Invitations that were extended by people who just simply said, come and see.
Just simply say it only, look at this man, Jesus.
And so we're going to look at this passage today, seven invitations that are found within it.
I've broken it down into three different sections here.
The first section, if you're taking notes, is just simply this.
It's the invitation to see.
The invitation to see.
Let's go to John 1 and begin with verse 35.
It says these words.
The next day, again, this is after John the Baptist has been approached by the religious leaders of that day.
He says, the next day, John, John the Baptist, not John the Apostle, John the Baptist was standing with two of his disciples.
And when he saw Jesus passing by, he said, look, the Lamb of God.
The two disciples heard him say this and followed Jesus.
And when Jesus turned to notice them, follow him and then he asked them, well, what are you looking for?
They said to him, Rabbi, which means teacher, where are you staying?
And then Jesus said in verse 39, the first part of that verse, come and you'll see.
He replied.
Now, in these verses that we just read from verses 35 to the first part of verse 39, we find two invitations.
The first one there is when it says the next day John was standing with two of his disciples.
We don't know who one of those disciples is.
We know that one was Andrew.
We'll get to that in a few moments.
Probably the other one was the Apostle John.
It could be that the other one was Philip because we're going to read a little bit about Philip and as part of this story in a few moments.
We don't really know, but we know that two of the disciples of John the Baptist were standing there with John the Baptist.
And then when John said these words, look the Lamb of God.
That is the first invitation.
You can circle that in your Bibles if you'd like the first invitation.
that John the Baptist, who was a guy who had been called to preach the gospel, a guy who had been called to win people to Christ and to point people to Christ.
And here he did what he always did.
He did what was normal in his journey.
He just simply said, look the Lamb of God.
Now the reason that's an invitation is because what he was doing is he was telling people, look to Jesus.
Look to Jesus.
And just as that was John the Baptist calling, that was his passion, it was his heart.
Let's make sure we understand it should be our passion as well.
Because just as John the Baptist was called, so are you.
Just as John the Baptist was told, it is your responsibility to win people and point people to Christ.
Every one of you in this room, every person who's a follower of Christ who's in this room or watching or listening right now, we have that same calling on our lives.
We have that same calling that God has extended to us to place in our lives.
And we don't have a choice if we're a follower of Jesus.
The words from our lips often should be, look, the Lamb of God.
It's what I do when I preach on this stage.
It's also what I do when I live my life Monday through Saturday.
It's what you should do if you have the opportunity of leading a life group here at Thomas Road.
But it's also what you should do when you go to work.
It's also what you should do when you happen to go to school, or when you're hanging out in the neighborhood, certainly when you're at home.
This week we had a group of 50 individuals who were down in Guatemala.
an incredible team that went down and dedicated five wells that they raised the money to place in areas where they did not have clean water.
Had the opportunity, a couple of the members over that trip who were doctors, had the opportunity of doing medical missions there and serving individuals in that region who were underserved.
I had the opportunity of going down and spending a few days with them and during that time we dedicated a new training center where we're training individuals who will reach the young people of that nation.
And all of those 50 people who were long on that trip, let me tell you what their calling was.
And there were people in that group that were real estate agents, and there were people who were electricians, and there were people who owned other kinds of businesses and builders, and there were people on that trip that were, you know, retired individuals, there were all kinds of people on that trip.
And they all went to do this.
One thing, look, the Lamb of God, to have the opportunity of using their skills, their talents, their abilities,
to literally go into a people that they don't know and to, in a way, knock on their door and just say, look, the Lamb of God.
You see, that's what God has called all of us to.
And that's what John did in the first part of this passage, in this first invitation, the invitation to see.
Just see.
Look who Jesus is.
The second invitation that we see down in verse 39 is when after the individuals, when Andrew and either Philip or John followed along and walked after Jesus, they went to him.
And they said, hey, where are you staying?
Now, they weren't asking that so they could send him a Domino's pizza later in the night.
They weren't asking him so they could drop by.
They were asking him because they wanted to spend some time with him.
And they knew he was busy.
He's the Lamb of God.
He's got a full schedule.
And so they were asking the question like, we just want to be able to talk to you and inquire of you and to learn from you.
Is that in that time, in that culture?
That's exactly what they did.
The individuals wanted to follow the teacher, follow the rabbi, to be inspired, to be encouraged, to be instructed.
And then Jesus said this word in the first part of 39.
He says, come and you'll see.
You see, invitations are not only extended from Christ himself as it was here.
Come and you'll see.
The invitation was also issued by John.
Look the Lamb of God.
And regardless of where the invitation is coming from, regardless of where the opportunity is for people to see and experience the power of God, all of it is recognized as it points to Jesus.
You see, Jesus, every single day, 24 hours a day,
Seven days a week, 365 days a year and on leap year 366.
He is issuing that invitation, come and see.
Now why that's important for us today is that we know that there are a lot of people in our community.
We're walking up and down the streets of Lynchburg.
We have the opportunity of working in the various businesses, having the opportunity of going to the local schools, having the opportunity of playing ball in the local fields, having the opportunity of spending time in the local restaurants, having the opportunity of living in the neighborhoods in which we live.
And here is what we must all recognize and embrace is that every single one of them is a recipient of the call of Jesus, the invitation of Jesus saying, come.
and see.
And it is our responsibility to help get them there.
You see, in this passage, we see just in the first few verses of this passage, we see that the job of Jesus come and you'll see in our jobs, look, the Lamb of God.
It's the invitation to see who Christ is.
Now, the second part of this passage, we've broken it down, is not only the invitation to see, but we also go to the second part of this first passage, and that's just seeing the obvious.
Like seeing the obvious, look what it says in verse 39, the rest of that verse.
And so they went, after Jesus said, coming you'll see, so now they went.
And they saw where he was staying, and they stayed with him that day.
They spent time talking with Jesus, inquiring of Jesus, asking all kinds of questions.
You can imagine what they were doing.
It was about four in the afternoon.
And so Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, was one of the two who heard John and followed him, verse 41.
He first, talking about Andrew, he first found his own brother, Simon, and that's Simon Peter, and he told him,
We have found the Messiah, which has translated the Christ.
And he brought Simon to Jesus.
When Jesus saw him, he said, you are Simon, son of John.
You will be called Cephas, which has translated Peter.
So here, if again, if you're
circling in your Bibles, if you're following along here with these seven invitations, here we find the third invitation.
And the third invitation comes from Andrew when it says in verse 41, he went and found his brother Simon, or Peter, and he told him we found the Messiah, and he brought Simon to Jesus.
So it wasn't just simply an opportunity of someone saying, hey, look, the Lamb of God, now it's an opportunity of saying, hey, I want to take you to see the Lamb of God.
I want to walk you to where Jesus is.
I want to bring you along.
And so it's this opportunity of not only look, it's the Lamb of God, but now it's the opportunity of like, hey, let me share with you who he is.
You see what we learned from this passage is just simply this, as God has called all of us to do all of this.
He's called all of us to yes, go and to knock on the doors.
He's called all of us to extend the invitation to look.
It's the Lamb of God.
But He's also extended to us the responsibility and the calling that not only do we point people to Jesus, we bring people to Jesus this week.
Kevin Foster just shared with me just this morning, just a few moments ago before I came out in the service.
He shared that Jen Barrick, who many of you know, who was a young lady in our church, who 18 years ago, 19 years ago, I believe, was in an accident, a devastating accident with a traumatic brain injury.
Many thought that she would not survive, that she would not live.
The doctor said there was no hope.
She was in a coma for 45 or so days.
And then,
When she couldn't talk to her family, when she couldn't talk to her friends, she couldn't be awake to have conversations with her mom and her dad who were in the accident with her.
Here's what she did.
The only conversations that she could have is she simply prayed and she had conversations with Jesus.
And this week, Jim,
19 years after that accident when people said that she would never walk again, talk again, or maybe even breathe again.
Guess what she did this week?
This week she had the opportunity of speaking to 1500 students in schools within the country of Guatemala and to share the gospel with them.
How cool is that?
Someone who has every reason to sit on the front porch in a rocking chair.
to take it easy because of the continued damage of that accident all of those years ago.
The struggles that she has physically because of that accident.
But no, here's what she's doing.
She's going and saying, look, it's the Lamb of God.
Come and see.
Let me take you to Him.
You see, that calling is something that is on every single one of our lives.
It's not only the opportunity, the invitation to see, but it's to see the obvious.
And the obvious is this.
is that when you have the opportunity of seeing who Jesus is, you see the miraculous.
You see the supernatural.
Those two disciples had the opportunity of going and sitting down and having a long day conversation with Jesus probably from about 10 o'clock in the morning till about four o'clock in the afternoon.
They had that opportunity of having a conversation with Jesus.
That would be fun, wouldn't it?
To sit there in a room with Jesus, just three people and asking questions.
That'd be a lot of fun.
That's what they had the opportunity of doing.
And I know this that during that time when they had the opportunity of having this conversation, what they saw was something that amazed them.
Now, I know in Scripture, we see over and over again that every time anyone had the opportunity of talking with Jesus, they were overwhelmed, they were amazed.
We talk about even when Jesus was a 12-year-old boy, Luke 2, he amazed those in the temple.
talking about Nazareth, Luke chapter 4, and comparing him with the synagogue in Mark chapter 1, talking with the temple leaders in John chapter 7, talking to his own hometown in Matthew chapter 13, speaking with the disciples in Matthew 8, speaking before Pilate in Mark chapter 15, talking to the crowds regarding the people he had healed in Mark chapter 7, speaking again with the disciples in Mark chapter 19, all places where we see these words is that Jesus taught, and the people were amazed anytime that you encounter Jesus the Son of God.
You were left astonished.
And that's why the invitation is so important.
There are people in this room today who are afraid to share the gospel because they're afraid of not knowing what to say, afraid of what if they ask a question that I don't know the answer to.
I heard a story once that was shared
that a pastor who sent some people in his church and they all went out and they knocked on doors in the community to win people to Christ.
And as they were walking out, he said, I want all of you to pray right now before we go out and so just have a time of prayer.
And so they did that.
And then before they walked out, the pastor looked out to one of the people there and said, okay, tell me now, what did you pray for in that prayer?
And that guy spoke up on us and said, praying that they're not home.
because he's afraid of what might happen, afraid of what to say.
You see, some of us walk in that position, in that situation, but understand this, our jobs is not to explain Jesus to people.
Our jobs is to point people to Jesus because Jesus does not need our help to prove who he is.
Our job is simply to say, look, the Lamb of God.
You see, we see the obvious, but anytime that you encounter Christ, you encounter the supernatural, you encounter the God who is the God who is more than you could ever possibly imagine.
Here we see this story about these individuals who were told by Jesus, told about Jesus by a friend, and it changed their lives.
How many of you could sit here today and say, you know, there was somebody that I told about Jesus, and I meant it changed their lives.
I know I have lots of stories that I've heard and I've seen of experience in people whose lives were changed.
In fact, as we're sitting here today, I know this.
There's this guy that's standing right back over here and I'm walking directly to him and he's freaking out right now, but this is Bruce Carey.
And Bruce Carey has been running this camera or a camera like it in this church and the old church for how many years?
57 years.
He's been doing that.
Now let me tell you why that's cool, but that's not why it's cool.
The reason it's cool is because when he was a young boy, somebody knocked on his door and shared the gospel with his dad.
And you know who that person was?
It was my dad.
And his family was changed because simply my dad went many, many years ago.
He's old, many, many years ago.
And he simply told this family, look, the Lamb of God.
And his story, his life has been changed.
His wife, his daughters, their lives have been changed.
Grandkids, lives have been changed.
Why?
Because of the power of the gospel.
It was not because of my dad.
It was because my dad just simply was obedient to what God had called him to do and said, hey, look, the Lamb of God.
You see, those are the stories that we need to be able to tell.
Those are the stories that we need to be able to share.
Those are the stories that change people's lives.
And yet we don't tell them.
We don't get out there and let people know who Christ is because we're afraid of, what if they ask a question that I don't know the answer to?
Don't worry about that because God is God and you are not.
And God's plan is always better.
And so it's the invitation to see.
And it's then seen the obvious of who Christ is.
But the third part of this passage is this, seeing the miraculous.
Look what it says in verse 5, 43.
And the next day, Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
And he found Philip, and he told him, follow me.
There's the fourth invitation that we see there.
Jesus told him, follow me.
Now, Philip was from, let's say, the hometown of Andrew and Peter.
And so Philip, Dan, verse 45, Philip found Nathaniel and told him, we have found the one that Moses wrote about in the law.
And so did the prophets.
Jesus, the son of Joseph's from Nazareth.
That's the fifth invitation when Philip told Nathaniel, we found the one that we've been looking for.
We found the one that our ancestors were looking for.
We have found the Messiah.
Look, the Lamb of God.
So Philip told us that, Daniel, that story.
Then Jesus, the son of Joseph from Nazareth, 46, can anything good come out of Nazareth and Nathaniel asked him?
And then here, Philip said these words, come and see.
Once again, the next invitation, the sixth invitation, Philip answered.
And then Jesus saw Nathaniel coming towards him and said about him, talking about Nathaniel.
Here truly is an Israelite in whom there is no deceit.
He freaked Nathaniel out.
Because when Nathaniel showed up, and then Jesus left, hey, oh, here's the Israelite, I know who's no deceit found in him.
And so, Nathaniel asked the question, how do you know me?
And then Jesus answered, before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.
Jesus answered, Rabbi, Nathaniel replied, you are the Son of God, you are the King of Israel.
And Jesus responded to him, do you believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree?
You will see greater things than this than he said.
Truly, I tell you, you will see heaven open to the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man.
The seventh invitation is found in that statement when Jesus said, before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.
That's the seventh invitation because what it was is an invitation for Nathaniel to see the omniscience of Jesus Christ.
to see the deity of Jesus Christ, that he was not just simply a rabbi, that he was the Son of God, because he made it clear, before I ever had the opportunity of seeing you with my eyes, I saw you when you were sitting under that fig tree.
In that time, in first century Jerusalem, sitting under the fig tree was a statement that was used to talk about individuals who were seeking God.
who were literally opening and studying the scripture, studying the scrolls to define God and to seek God and to search for God, which is why, perhaps in verses 50 and 51, that Jesus said, you'll see angels ascending and descending.
It's possible that Nathaniel was reading Genesis chapter 28, reading about Jacob's ladder.
And here, Jesus said, no, I saw you sitting under that fig tree.
I know what you were doing.
And perhaps we're saying, and let me just tell you, when you were looking at the Scriptures, looking to find the one, the Messiah, the Holy One of God, let me tell you, now you are going to see angels descending and ascending on me, the Son of God.
You will see things you can't even imagine.
You'll see them miraculous.
You will see the miraculous.
You see Nathaniel recognized and understood in that moment.
This was not simply a teacher.
This was not just a man.
This was the son of God.
Gary Balmer said this.
Jesus revealed his divine omniscience to Nathaniel when he said, I saw you why you were still under the fig tree before Philip called you.
Charles Spurgeon once famously said this statement, you have never truly found Jesus.
if you do not tell others about Him.
It's a powerful statement that Charles Spurgeon made.
You see, every person in this room I pray is a person who's been impacted by the power of the gospel.
Every person in this room I pray is a person that at some point in your life you made the decision.
I'm a sinner and boy, I need a Savior.
And I believe that Jesus is God's Son who died and who rose again.
And so you have called on His name
And as Romans 10 verse 13 tells us that anyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved and you experience that gift of salvation.
And then here comes along a Baptist preacher a hundred years ago where Charles Spurgeon just simply said this, you have never truly encountered Jesus unless you were telling others about Jesus.
Now, I want to make it clear.
I don't believe Charles Spurgeon was saying something that was
saying something that if you're not telling people about Jesus that you never accepted that gift, I think here's the picture, the idea that he's trying to paint for each and every one of us.
And it's just simply this, that if you have been impacted by the miraculous power of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, if you have been saved because of who Jesus is, that you have been made a new creation, all the oldest passed away, and everything is made new.
If that has truly happened in your life, you can't help.
but to tell people about Jesus that you just can't get away from it, that every opportunity you have, look, it's the Lamb of God.
Come and see, let me take you to Him.
We have found the one that we've been looking for.
We found the one that Moses has written about.
We have found the Messiah and His name is Jesus.
You see, that should be the cry of every one of our lips.
That should be what drives us to be willing to knock on a door without knowing what's on the other side.
That should be what drives us to be willing to go into our community and obey Jesus to go into all the world and preach the gospel.
That should be what drives us to do, what happened to Bruce Carey's family, not 60, 70 years ago.
It should drive us to do what happened to that other lady's life when my dad showed up in her neighborhood.
It should drive us to do what happened in your own life when someone told you about Jesus that we just can't stop proclaiming, look, the Lamb of God.
Now let me share with you just three quick takeaways for us today.
Now I want you to write them down.
They'll be on the screen.
You can take a screenshot of them if you wish.
They're simple.
They're easy.
The first one is this, be ready to see.
Be ready to see.
This passes where he read, which says when he saw Jesus passing by, you see John the Baptist was there, and in the middle of talking with his disciples, it tells him he was talking with two of his disciples.
He was a busy guy, had lots going on, lots of work to do.
Schedule was absolutely full, not a lot of free time.
But you know what he didn't miss?
He didn't miss the opportunity of seeing Jesus.
when Jesus showed up.
So always be ready to see.
The second was be ready to listen.
Be ready to listen.
Verse 39, the second part of the verse.
And they stayed within that day.
There's two disciples stayed with Jesus and they just listened.
They just heard what Jesus had to say.
Verse 41.
And then they said after they had talked to him all day, we have found the Messiah.
Be ready to listen to what God wants to speak to you.
That's why we encourage you to read God's Word every single day.
It's why we encourage you to spend time in his word.
It's why when I'm in my car driving down the road, I'm not listening to music and I'm not listening to podcasts and I'm not looking, listening to the news.
Thank God.
I'm listening to the word of God.
This morning as I was driving in at 545 this morning, heading in with the one pit stop on the way and you know where I was going.
And I was sitting there listening to Deuteronomy chapter 17 through Deuteronomy chapter 23.
as Moses was reminding the people of Israel what God had told them to do and how God had told them to live.
I wasn't going to speak on Deuteronomy today, but what I did is, as I do every day, is I want God's word to speak to me regardless of who I'm speaking to.
Because when we have the opportunity of listening to the words of God, listening to who God is, man, it changes us.
It transforms us.
So make sure you do.
Make sure you listen.
to what God has for you.
And then the third, be ready to act.
So it's be ready to see, be ready to listen, and then be ready to act, verse 48.
How do you know me, Nathaniel asked?
And before Philip called you, Jesus said, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.
Jesus answered, Rabbi Nathaniel replied, you are the son of God.
Let me tell you what we can read into that passage.
It doesn't say it in words, but it says it in action.
It says this, that as soon as Nathaniel heard and knew that Jesus was the Son of God, that Jesus was the Messiah, that Jesus had seen him before he ever showed up, that he knew everything about Nathaniel.
Let me just tell you something.
Nothing could stop Nathaniel from that point forward of proclaiming everywhere he went, look the Lamb of God.
Be ready to act.
Be ready to do what God has called you to do.
I read this quote this week and I want to read it to you in closing.
Kenneth Gangle said this, John describes, John chapter one describes five men who met the Lord and the Lamb.
All different, all believers, all models, what great lessons they teach us.
We learn that witnessing is everybody's responsibility.
We also learned that witnessing begins at home, either in one's family or hometown, not necessarily by going to another country.
A third lesson is that witnessing promotes the Lord, not ourselves or some personal agenda.
And finally, these early disciples show us that witnessing is both verbal by words and specific by action.
Today,
We can learn from this passage the importance of invitations.
We can learn the importance of being willing to simply proclaim with our lives, proclaim with our words, proclaim with our actions.
Look the Lamb of God.
Come and see.
And my prayer for you is that that would be your passion.
That's why I'm challenging you to go knock on doors in the March.
That's why I want you to go knock on ten doors.
It's because it gives us the opportunity in a structured way of simply being willing to say as we walk to a door, as we go to people we don't know, and as we knock on that door and we just simply hand them the word of God.
Here's what we're saying.
Look, the Lamb of God.
Come and see.
That's what we want you to do.
That's what God wants us to do.
Because it's the only hope we have.
We live in a world that's broken.
We live in a world that has been destroyed by sin.
We live in a world that has been destroyed by our own actions.
But Jesus demonstrated his own love towards us.
And that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Let's forever tell people about Jesus.
Look, look.
Lamb of God.
Come.
Come and see.
Let's pray together.
Father, today we are so grateful for your love.
Grateful that at a point in our lives that you looked at us in the midst of our sin and you offered an invitation.
come and see.
God, I'm grateful that you did.
For me, Lord, I know, going all the way back, 1972, that I prayed that prayer and accepted you and accepted that invitation.
God, I thank you for that gift.
Lord, I know there are people in this room that have known you even longer than that.
But God, I know there might be someone here today who has never met you.
So Father, today, in this moment, I pray,
Lord, I pray that You would today, right now, in the second, speak truth to them and let them know that yes, they're a sinner, but there's a way out.
But the Lamb of God came to seek and to save that which is lost, that today that they would believe that Jesus is Your Son who died and who rose again, and that today that they would call on His name, and they would be saved, trusting and believing that He is, who He said He is, turning from their sin of rejecting and accepting Christ today.
and God will give you the praise.
With our heads bowed with our eyes closed in a moment, we're going to stand.
We're going to sing.
Scott's going to lead us.
And as we do, our team has gathered here as they always are.
And we're going to have the opportunity today of simply taking this moment that if you're here today and you don't know Christ, man, do not.
I'm telling you, do not leave here today without meeting him.
Today, I have issued by reading his words, I've issued to you the words, look,
get the Lamb of God.
Come and see.
And so when we stand in a moment, man, I encourage you to walk down these aisles and to talk with one of our team members gathered here and listen and say, tell me about Jesus.
They love to do that.
Maybe you want to come and kneel here and pray.
Maybe you've got a situation you need to seek the face of God or maybe you want to come and and leave a prayer request.
There are prayer request cards and pens here that you can use.
Maybe you want to come and join our church family.
Maybe as Matt shared earlier, you want to come for baptism.
Maybe today you just want to simply come down and just and just be encouraged and pray.
I don't know whatever it is.
But I don't want you to walk out of this room without walking out of here in a little bit with the spirit in your heart of simply this.
Look, it's the Lamb of God.
So let's stand together.
The invitation is open.
The altar is open.
Scott's going to lead us.
I encourage you to step out right now.
Isn't he wonderful?
Isn't he glorious?
Isn't he powerful?
Isn't he good to us?
He's brighter than any sun.
We thank you again that you issued the invitation to all of us.
God, I pray that for everyone here that we've accepted that invitation, that we've accepted that free gift and now help us as we leave this place to be people who are like Philip and like Andrew and like Nathaniel and like John and like John the Baptist who will go into this community and we will cry at the top of our lungs.
Look, the Lamb of God, come and see.
And God will give me the praise in what you're going to do.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Before you leave, we're gonna put the QR codes back up on the screen.
Our team is out in the lobby that can help you with that.
Sign up, sign up, sign up, and let's change the world.
God bless you.
Have a great day.
Thank you for worshiping with us today.
We're so glad that you've joined us.
If you prayed to receive Christ today, we'd love to hear from you.
We want to help you as you begin your new faith journey in Christ.
Simply send an email to pastor at trbc.org.
If you've never accepted God's free gift of salvation, the forgiveness of sins made possible by the death and resurrection of Jesus, you can do that today by simply asking Him to save you.
If you'd like to know more, we're here to help you.
Just reach out to us and we'll provide you with some next steps.
Here at Thomas Road, our mission is to change our world by developing Christ followers who love God and love people.
If you'd like to help us fulfill that mission by giving to our ministry, go to trbc.org and make your contribution today.
Your gifts make it possible for us to share the life-changing message of God's love.